## Why this is an Issue

Open Source Software has become increasingly popular among many people and businesses across the world. However, a lot of different issues can arise from using Open Source Software. Licensing is one major component of Open Source Software without knowing the licenses that are associated with a particular piece of software, you cannot know what your are allowed to do with it. This becomes a large issue especially if you are running a rather large business. 

Another big issue when using Open Source Software are the vulnerabilities associated with a specific piece of software. If the software you are using is vulnerable to a lot of different things it might be a good idea to take a look at those vulnerabilities and try to address them before releasing your product. This issue can be easily seen when it comes to things you use everyday or even medical devices. If the software in your car or medical device uses open source software then it could potentially be vulnerable to different attacks that could cause a life threatening situation. Knowing the specific vulnerabilites on that software could prevent these type of attacks from occuring. 

##A solution to this Issue

The system that has been created that is represented by the DFD can do both of the things needed to address the issues above. The developer has the ability to send out a software package to the License scanner and get back all of the licenses associated with the software package. The developer also can query the NIST Vulnerability Database in order to find out all of the known vulnerabilites of a piece of software. All of this information is sent into a License and Vulnerability Database that contains all of this information in one spot that is viewable by the the Developer and Manager upon request. Once specific vulnerabilities or licenes have been addressed, the Manager can create, view, or edit existing policies in order to meet licensing requirements or to try and secure different vulnerabilites. Having this system would greatly improve the overall safety of using Open Source Software. 
